(lib/text/policies)

Policies

The following is a list of rules.  This list is not complete, and can change
at any time.  The best rule is to use common sense while playing, and not to
anger the staff with your behavior. 

1. Don't be an asshole. Also known as the Golden Rule, this rule trumps
   all others, whether written or not.

2. Spamming of players through tells or emotes or any other means is not
   allowed.  By this we mean sending 1000 tells of "I HATE YOU" or some other
   text just to bother another player.  Breaking this rule will usually result
   in a warning, though repeated infractions could result in more serious
   punishment. 

3. Dropping link or using any other method to avoid lag time imposed by the
   game is illegal.  This includes dropping link to get out of whirlwind lag. 
   Breaking this rule is grounds for deletion, purging, or freezing at the 
   discretion of the Implementors.

4. Playing more than two characters at a time is not allowed unless with special
   permission from the Forgers.  Playing more than two characters at a
   time will usually result in the disconnection of extra players, though
   repeated infractions could result in more serious punishment.  Make sure
   that you read HELP MULTIPLAYING for further details on this matter. 

5. Profanity is not allowed on public channels.  Profanity includes, but is
   not limited to, explicit sexual metaphor, racial or sexual stereotyping, 
   religious references, or just outright filth.  In addition, you may not 
   repeat (eg, copy/paste) the profanity of another player.  Remember, there 
   is another human being on the other end of your computer screen.  Common 
   sense serves as a good guide here.

6. "Mob ownership".  A mob is owned by the group or player who
   initiates combat against it.  That ownership is lost when the group or
   player leaves the room before the mob's death.  Corpse, and corpse contents
   follow the same rule, except that instead of leaving the room, the group
   or player must leave the zone.  The purpose of this rule is to restrict the
   looting of other people's kills.  It is enforced at the discretion of the
   Staff.

7. Equipment belongs to whoever is holding it. So long as you did not violate
   rule 6 to aquire said equipment.

8. Immortals are never allowed to hand out equipment/potions/scrolls or
   anything else to players it may be done on certain occasions by FORGERS
   for testing purposes or as authorized by a FORGER.

9. "Reimbursement". This will be done on a case by case basis, while in
   alpha/beta testing we cannot gaurantee items will be there when you come
   back, new changes may need to cause player wipes at times and possibly
   equipment wipes, nothing will be reimbursed due to these conditions.

10. "Immortal Items". Builders are allowed to create 2 and only 2 items IN
   their zones to use as Immortal toys or items.  These items should never
   be in the hands of a mortal, and if found there will be grounds for deletion
   of the player and possibly the immortal as well.

Not following any of the above rules may result in punishment that restricts
or prohibits your ability to play and enjoy the game.  So, it is in your best 
interest that you follow the rules.  Thank you.

